# RUBI Token Ecosystem

RUBI token is used as a reward token for all Rubi Defi products.  The first of
these products are Rubi vaults and YB-NFTs.  These products, combined with
future innovations and integrations with the Rubix centralized exchange such as
discounts for holding and other incentives, and partnerships with other Defi
platforms will be used to return outsized value to RUBI holders and stakers, and
cause the relative price of the RUBI token to reliably increase over time.

RUBI Tokenomics

Initial Supply: 10000000
Block Emissions: 5 RUBI per block (~135000 or 1.35% per day)


Rubi Vaults

Rubi vaults are the core product for the Rubi token ecosystem.  They enable
holders to stake their RUBI and RUBI LP tokens to receive a share of the RUBI
block emission, swap fees, and treasury earnings.  Vaults are used to ensure
adequete liquidity is available for the market, and incentivizing long term
holding of RUBI.

Block emission refers to the per-block emission of RUBI tokens that is
distributed to vault participents.

Swap fees refers to LP fees generated from RUBI LP swaps.

Treasury earnings refers to the tokens earned by the RUBI ecosystem treasury.


YB-NFTs

YB-NFTs are NFTs that own stake positions within Rubi and partner vaults/pools, 
LP tokens, regular tokens, and stablecoins.  YB-NFTs can be owned and traded
amongst users, "cashed out", and staked. A 0.5% fee is taken when the YB-NFT is
unstaked or transfered and a 3% fee is taken when the YB-NFT is cashed out that
goes to the Rubi ecosystem treasury.  The yield generated by YB-NFTs is split
and distributed as follows: 70% goes into the Rubi vault where the YB-NFT owner
can withdraw it or leave it and earn vault staking rewards.  15% is sent to the
"boost" vault.  15% is sent to the treasury.

Cashing out refers to the YB-NFT selling its underlying assets and stake
positions for RUBI tokens on pancakeswap and paying out 97% of that to the
user, and 3% to the treasury.

The boost vault refers to a vault that pay out 100% of its earnings to YB-NFT
holders via the Rubi vault weighted by their boost value.


Treasury

Treasury accumulates value and pays back 90% of its earnings to Rubi vault, the
other 10% is made available to the Rubi team to fund the development of the
ecosystem.
